You know each other?
No no no don't know
I'm alive because of him.
By the way, why are you here?
i
It should be chased by two demons
Chased here
I don't know what happened later
I... I got it.
It must be because of Brother Ye Xuan that he left first
Two demons saved your brother's life
Then you fainted when you were exhausted
Hahaha uh
It should be so, it must be
Then thank you, third brother
What are brothers talking about?
You can live
We can meet again
Better than anything
OK
Are you not feeling well?
Ah.
It's okay. It's okay.
Come on.
Third sister-in-law
After midnight
I'll just keep watch
You go to sleep first
No, I'm not sleepy.
Third sister-in-law
Can you use a sword?
Yes.
But brother, you don't even have a sword
Dare to run around alone
It's dangerous.
that sister-in-law
I used to have a sword too
Only not that long ago.
I lost it, oops.
Isn't that a coincidence?
I just picked up this sword not long ago
It can't be yours, right?
Is there such a coincidence?